your cash is at risk your savings are at
risk in today's video I'm going to tell
you why it's important that we follow
along with this on a global scale
because that's given us the telltale
signs other countries that are far ahead
in the cashless society and how that
links directly with the Central Bank
digital currency you came here for the
truth so let me unveil that for you my
name is David Quin and what I do is look
at all of these different topics
surrounding the financial system to make
it as easy e as possible for you I'll
explain it very simply look the Central
Bank digital currencies it might seem
like it's nothing it might seem like
just another addition to the monetary
system but I have to explain to you why
that is absolutely not the case we're
going to look at what's factual and what
is more of a theory and I'm going to
explain it all I want to begin with
what's going on in Sweden because Sweden
is far along in what's happening with
the cashes Society but something has
been sparked in Sweden then I want to
look at what's going on with the Central
Bank digital currencies especially in
Europe but of course this is now
unfolding everywhere and everybody wants
to know well what can I do about it I'll
show you that as well let's begin first
thing let's talk about it RX Bank calls
for Urgent law to safeguard cash as
usage Falls so in Sweden it was already
kind of seen as a cash Society basically
most people aren't using cash and
there's some important distinctions
because I know a lot of people will
basically say I'm not going to play ball
I'm just going to use cash it isn't for
the individuals to necessarily decide
because if all of your neighbors are not
using cash and they're doing digital
they're tapping their phones they're
tapping their plastic then it basically
means that the businesses won't have a
need for these things they won't want to
accept cash and it will be the
businesses that will determine what
happens and you're going to say okay I
have cash here and they'll say I'm sorry
I can't take that cash and you say okay
I'll go somewhere else but they're in
the same situation one by one by one the
stores will not accept it because they
don't want to worry about the risk to
them they've got to go out at night time
at the end of every night in the cities
that are becoming more dangerous with a
big bunch of cash in an envelope deposit
that into the bank it's a hassle
otherwise if it was all on plastic you
could basically go through at the end of
the night and tally that all up it would
be easier for them that's why businesses
do like that I can understand the safety
is another Factor as well so this is it
this is what's happening and inside
Sweden I think it's important that we
just touch on a couple points as they
say very clearly what what's happening
remember they're further ahead than a
lot of other places in this in this
respect but what they're saying is no no
no we although a lot of people are using
the cash list we don't want to get rid
of that they're trying to push that
through into law but I believe it won't
matter in the long run the biggest
Nordic country is a world leader in
digital payments with the use of
physical money dropping rapidly and many
stores even refusing to handle such
transactions remember I told you this
years ago that it would be the stores
that drive that and here we are it's
it's in black and white for you to read
the position of cash needs to be
strengthened so that the customers can
use cash for payments absolutely you
want that option regardless even if you
don't use it use your credit card debit
card whatever you still want that option
but it's going to go the way of the dodo
bird that's the way it seems um and you
can see B basically just talking about
having the digital and financial
exclusion some people do not use these
things right some people do everything
in cash and that's changing of course as
the generations go on but it's important
only 8% of of sweds have used cash to
pay for the latest purchase in a
physical shop that's down from 33% a
decade earlier so virtually nobody yes
it's happening yes there are you know
there is cash out there but 8% that's it
8% the developments has led po policy
makers to ponder the need for
safeguarding the use of cash as well as
introducing a digital Central Bank
currency that's right already underway
this is simply delaying the inevitable
I'm not saying they shouldn't do that of
course you want to have people um being
able to use cash should they decide why
because cash allows us to transact from
one person to another without the
knowledge of a third party it's not as
if it's your venmo and PayPal where if
$600 moves from one account to another
well then everybody knows about it that
not my idea of you know any sort of
sense have you heard about this um I
believe it's actually happening in 2024
they're going through with it that a
small money small bit of $600 I mean hey
I would love $600 but the point is it's
not that much money these days so you
know you have one transaction of $600
all of a sudden red flags are going off
everywhere is that really for money
laundering is that for criminal activity
$600 of course not they want to know all
transactions they want to know
everything and they'll get that
especially when the cbdc lands in your
hometown here we have Sweden ditching
cash just wait for the fallouts
switching to digital money risks
shutting out some of the most vulnerable
members of society and interestingly
what they say here is uh Bjorn one
quarter of the Swedish pop group ABBA
became a standard Bearer for a world
without cash after his son got burgl and
basically just saying that you know
making it cashless is going to help with
with crime that's what they're saying
okay people are not going to be able to
take anything because there there's
nothing to take okay I get that
certainly plastic tapping phones digital
it it has advantages it's faster you
don't have to worry about losing it you
don't have to dig through the bottom of
your couch to find the coins remember
that you know there are advantages I'm
I'm not going to deny that but we want
the option we want that option look if I
am in the case I send
$100,000 overseas I'm not going to put a
100 Grand in an envelope and send it off
all the way around the world to my
supplier to purchase Goods they could
take that cash deposited in their Bank
we want to do a digital transaction no
question but for instance if we're doing
some you know a sale of some sort and we
live in the same area and I want to deal
with you I can just give you money and
you can give me whatever it is you have
it's a transaction between two people
and there's nothing wrong with that
don't let anybody ever say there's
anything wrong with that and there
should not be the need for the knowledge
of a third
party there's no there's nothing in
there that should be worrisome to
anybody but to some people
some people in government some people
just out there they say no what do you
have to
hide and so that's when we get into this
touchy subject what do you have to hide
privacy right why do you need that
because if we could Implement these
rules will make it safer for everybody I
would ask you the question why do you
lock your
door why do you lock your
door why don't you live in a glass house
anybody well because there are some bad
people out there there are people that
are going to take advantage of that
circumstance maybe that's not
you you want to leave your door unlocked
hey I live in a safe place nice
neighbors what do I have to worry about
you lock it because you know there are
bad people out there there are people
with prying eyes you don't want to give
that up to those people
right even though you've got nothing to
hide why don't you just walk around with
nothing on in a glass house because
there are people that are
watching this is important it's the same
thing with these transactions it applies
exactly here look you've got the digital
Euro this is something that they've been
pushing for you've seen it you've seen
the videos they're going for it just
like the FED is going to do it and all
the other central banks are going to do
it in the case of Brazil Brazil opens up
their um you know they basically open
sourced their cbdc and it says right in
there we could decide who gets it who
doesn't what the money spent on you
could turn it on you could turn it off
just like that they're not hiding it
this is Canada unmet payment needs and a
central bank digital
currency they're doing it this is the
Bank of Canada's website okay they're
talking about why they need a central
bank digital currency
it's going on it's happening we need to
you know help everybody and the Central
Bank digital currency is going to be so
wonderful this is the world economic
Forum as digital currencies become more
popular could we be seeing the end of
cash ah World economic Forum thank you
very much yes that's where it's
heading and what about the FED now there
were many people in this financial Niche
which were talking about fed now being a
cbdc and I hate to use the fed's own
website to tell you that they were
wrong um but it certainly got a lot of
clicks it got a lot of clicks for them
my goodness good for them let's be
honest about it the FED now is
absolutely not a
cbdc but what it
is and what it does is allows faster
transactions
the system that we had let just say even
before fed
now even today it's still terrible if I
send money overseas okay right right now
for instance I needed to send money it
was Friday night
overseas I didn't do that transaction on
the Friday night knowing that it would
get held up for a few days until Monday
and then it would begin to process on
the Monday and eventually get to the
location on the Tuesday and when we're
talking about big money you you know you
want the minimum amount of problems
involved and so I wait and so I'll wait
for that until it's the Monday do the
transaction or the Sunday night so that
it goes through in the Monday morning
that's that shouldn't happen it should
be instantaneous the transaction had
happened
immediately right but it doesn't so it
takes too long the system is old it
needs to be updated fed now my might
work but you know the whole system is
not applicable to that you know this is
like banks in between Banks and things
um but anyway the point is this is we
got to separate fact from fiction okay
and so fed now it's not good it's the
FED I don't like the fed you know
obviously uh but it's not a central bank
digital currency it's not they told you
it was they said I read the titles I
read them all I was searching I was
looking I mean why are these guys saying
this why are they saying it's a cbdc
title after title thumbnail after
thumbnail cbdc coming on you know
whatever it was
July anyway if you want to know about
cbdcs if you are interested in
everything I'll put a link in the
description here it is this video breaks
it down now you might be asking what can
I do is it hopeless is it well I think
in the end in a long enough time frame
they're going for it regardless
cbdc cash is society that's what's
happening but there are a few things we
got to do number one use cash whenever
possible just the use of it keeps it in
circulation keeps it moving from hand to
hand and so that's important okay more
transactions need to take place with
cash we've got the fact that some people
actually prefer crypto and stable coins
for this purpose they're saying I want
to be able to do business
between you and I without a third party
and cryptos and stable coins allow us to
do that that's what some people say all
right now there's some
instability in these things obviously
look at the whole thing with
FTX and you know the blowout cryptos
coming down during that time I mean it
it's intense to have a lot of your money
in that diversify your savings in
different parts of the world and when
you don't have much saving or you don't
have much cash anyway it's not important
but when you do have more having it in
different places is definitely something
that you got to be aware of and just
part of that if you have an online
business if you sell Amazon in Canada
and you sell on you know Amazon us and
Amazon Australia you could have banks in
each of those three countries and leave
the money there until you need or
whatever you want to move it around but
just having those businesses operating
in those countries you're online you're
in one spot wherever it is but the
income is coming in and sitting in those
banks in those different currencies like
I said if you need to convert the
currencies you need to bring them home
to where you are that's different but
you could be diversifying that way
that's something that we talk
about um pretty regularly on the on the
Sunday live session so um right here
consider moving to a place that is slow
to implement there are some countries
that are going to be like yeah I know
Central Bank digital okay well it's
going to take us a while here you know
they just they're just not friendly with
that stuff they might do it but you
might get 10 years out of that and so
that might be a stop Gap solution that
might be
temporary for you anyway I think that's
really all we can do at this point there
are other things and you know sh please
feel free to share those in the
comments um I do appreciate your
comments of course all the time we'll
talk about that the comment of the day
if you want to get that time in between
myself we do live Zoom
classes um these classes here were were
a small group of people that wants to
know on the Friday session about the
economy about stock market um and then
the Sunday session is all about building
a business online um and not necessarily
just online but I've got the tips and
strategies and you know these are the
type of things that cost people an arm
and a leg and I offer it for a
ridiculously low price it's accessible
to everybody so anyway if you want to
know about that link in the description
right near the top there if you're
interested comment of the day right here
Earl says small businesses are being
crushed means that the free Market rules
and thinking are obsolete we essentially
have a Soviet style econ Soviet economy
and a privatized ownership price
controls and limited ownership are
coming soon and that's you know it could
very well occur not in one country
necessarily or another but oh we have a
crisis we have an emergency here we go
we saw that kind of with Fanny May
Freddy Mac we saw that with other things
you know the businesses do get
nationalized but it could happen on a
more
uh widespread nature so let's see what
happens and that could be facilitated
much easier with a central bank digital
currency of course I hope you appreciate
this information if you did hit that
thumbs up button I want you to check out
that cbdc video as well that's the one
you got to share with everybody so they
know what it is okay good stuff I'll see
you tomorrow take care